Sd prebuilt dashboards (#14548)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/prebuilt-dashboards.mdx

<TechTileGrid>
  
  <TechTile
    name="Go agent"
    icon="logo-go"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=985d4005-ba90-a8c7-1da1-2af34539b03b"
  />

  <TechTile
    name="Java agent"
    icon="logo-java"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=80d18bcb-4919-1fcb-2b77-9406838eb916"
  />

  <TechTile
    name=".NET agent"
    icon="logo-dotnet"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=30e93090-6dfa-6b70-8e75-472f54414355"
  />

  <TechTile
    name="Node.js agent"
    icon="logo-nodejs"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/marketplace/install-data-source?state=be2e62fa-cc3b-c428-27c4-8d662c9e80a1"
  />

  <TechTile
    name="PHP agent"
    icon="logo-php"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=aa633b41-72d4-009c-3abf-55dcf64894fe"
  />

  <TechTile
    name="Python agent"
    icon="logo-python"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=20fda75b-58fb-a92a-f9e1-7b052035c6e8"
  />

  <TechTile
    name="Ruby agent"
    icon="logo-ruby"
    to="https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?state=d69143ab-605c-579b-25bf-cc6e5fee5b80"
  />
</TechTileGrid>        

> Once you've installed an agent, go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core?filters=(domain%3D'APM'ANDtype%3D'APPLICATION'))** and select your app. If you don't see much data just yet, step away for a while and let the agent gather real-time data as your application runs.

Reviewer: That URL doesn't work for me, I get the "Oops! Something went wrong."

</Step>

<Step>

### Tell us about your stack [#your-stack]

We will always recommend dashboards we think might be a good fit for your team but if you're looking for a tailored experience that highlights _specific_ dashboards that target your application's unique needs, we recommend telling us a little about how your stack was built. 

<img
    title="tell us about your stack"
    alt="A screenshot depicting how to tell New Relic about how your stack was built"
    src={dashboardsTellUsAboutYourStack}
/>

1. Go to **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Dashboards**.
2. Select your account in the top right account picker.
2. Search for the pre-built dashboard subsection.
3. Click `Tell us about your stack`.
4. Change your stack configuration by selecting all applicable choices like `apache` or `node.js`.
2. Save your changes.
3. New recommendations will now appear on your dashboards homepage.
</Step>

<Step>
### Install pre-built dashboards [#use]

<img

>   title="Search for a pre-built dashboard"

Reviewer: I think that this screenshot should go inside step 4.

Author: Sounds good! Moving it

  Go to **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Dashboards** to open the Dashboard index.
</figcaption>

## Dashboards tailored for your stack 

> To make full use of every tool New Relic has to offer you can install pre-built dashboards that fit your business needs. If you run an e-commerce site and you want to understand any potential revenue risk, you can install the dashboard `Customer experience bottom of the funnel analysis` which automatically monitors orders, checkout, latency, and tracks promotions. Or if you're a DevOps engineer and you want to make sure your hosts and servers don't get overwhelmed, you can install our `Infrastructure Dashboard` to quickly analyze CPU and memory and make changes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make full use of every tool New Relic has to offer you can install pre-built dashboards that fit your business needs. If you run an ecommerce site and you want to understand any potential revenue risk, you can install the dashboard `Customer experience bottom of the funnel analysis` which automatically monitors orders, checkout, latency, and tracks promotions. Or if you're a DevOps engineer and you want to make sure your hosts and servers don't get overwhelmed, you can install our `Infrastructure Dashboard` to quickly analyze CPU and memory and make changes. 
```

  Go to **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Dashboards** to open the Dashboard index. Browse popular pre-built dashboards you want to install using the <Icon name="fe-chevron-left"/> and <Icon name="fe-chevron-right"/> buttons, or select the **View All** link to see the entire catalog.
</figcaption>

To install a pre-built dashboard:

1. Select your account in the top right account picker.
2. From the dashboards page, search for the pre-built dashboard you want to customize.
3. Click the pre-built dashboard to select it. A new **dashboard setup** window should appear.
4. Follow the instructions. If you've already instrumented the data source, you can skip this step.

> 5.Click **View dashboard** to deploy the dashboard and start visualizing your data. Note that you can customize your new pre-built dashboard (see [Manage your dashboard](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard/)). You can also change the name and settings, add new content and new widgets, and refine the charts

Reviewer: Step 5 displays in the same line as step 4 in the build. The final period is missing ", and refine the charts."

</Step>

<Step>

### View more templates [#more-templates]

Browse the entire dashboard catalog to find out-of-the-box dashboard templates for all available integrations. Click the **View All** link next to the **Recommended dashboards** title to see and search for all the available pre-built dashboards. You can use the <Icon name="fe-chevron-left"/> and <Icon name="fe-chevron-right"/> buttons to browse more pre-built dashboards.

> 

Reviewer: This is where I'd add the previous screenshot.
